aws-capa-add-bastion-crs (#401)
giantswarm/kubectl-gs: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Add CRs to create bastion host, when creating a CAPI cluster via `template cluster` command.

> - Add configuration to allow SSH for Giant Swarm employees when creating CAPI cluster. Applies to `template cluster` and `template nodepool` commands.

Author: @marians something like this is enought?

Reviewer: Superb, thanks!

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Add CRs to create bastion host, when creating a CAPI cluster.

> - Add configuration to allow SSH for giantswarm employee when creating CAPI cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add configuration to allow SSH for Giant Swarm employees when creating CAPI cluster.
```

> - Add configuration to allow SSH for Giant Swarm employees when creating CAPI cluster.

Reviewer: I'm missing information regarding which command is affected and how.
